hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast a production of
neonewstoday.com I'm your host Dylan
Grabowski in this episode I sat down and
spoke with Rusty Matt thief the chief
strategy officer at galaxy galaxy is a
social Marketplace that connects
creators with consumers through curated
content communication forums and digital
Collectibles ultimately the vision for
the team is to empower meaningful and
fulfilling fan experiences in this
conversation Rusty and I discussed the
balance between being a venture
capitalist and an owner operator looking
back on the multi-decade development of
the metaverse and its forthcoming
Resurgence how good ux should lead the
development of adapt the network
characteristics that social media
platforms look at when choosing which
blockchain to build on and much more
just a reminder nothing said on this
podcast is a solicitation to buy or sell
any tokens that nothing should be taken
as Financial advice and that the host or
guests May hold tokens discussed in any
given episode with that said I really
enjoyed chatting with Rusty and I hope
you enjoy the conversation too
hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast today we're joined by
Rusty matve the chief strategy officer
at Galaxy which is an open social
Marketplace for creators that allows
them to connect with collection holders
in a brand new way how are you doing
today Rusty doing well thanks Dylan good
morning how are you good morning GM it's
Friday I'm I'm ready for the weekend I'm
excited but equally excited to have this
conversation so let's not get too ahead
of ourselves something that I found
really interesting just jumping in was
your background you have a really cool
mixture of investing entrepreneurial
Endeavors and software development so
could you maybe just share your long and
winding road to how you ended up at
Galaxy yeah absolutely absolutely thank
you for the opportunity and again thanks
for having me uh yeah I we like to say I
like to say that there's no you know no
entrepreneur's Journey it's not a linear
Journey right it's always zigzagging up
and down and I'm sure you know that I've
had a definitely a winding road to get
here specifically I think I've you know
I've really been in the entrepreneur
mindset since I was really a kid my
parents were you know immigrants uh well
I first generation essentially so look
growing up and seeing like you know my
dad trying to start a business and that
kind of stuff really kind of ingrained
that in me from a pretty early age so I
think I you know all the Summers I would
always try to sell something or do
something even in high school we like
made a board game for our town like all
this random stuff so in college I
remember uh a friend of mine you know we
had like a software company or a company
I could barely go on a college software
company that was essentially optimizing
mobile websites and trying to help you
know trying to help people convert to
mobile web and some other stuff like
that and I remember we got a contract
that was like hundred ten thousand
dollars I was like that's it you know
that I'm dropping out of college like
this was my moment right this is hard
this was our like Steve Jobs Bill Gates
type of thing we're out of here like and
obviously I didn't do that which is a
good thing I finished and graduated but
that was like an aha moment of like holy
crap you know we can actually make some
serious money sort of without without
anything and I was not a graduate when I
was working for a big company it was
just my friend and myself
so that was pretty cool I started a
bunch of different companies along the
way after college some iot some consumer
Stuff Etc it landed me in a pretty
interesting and you know different place
that I thought I'd never go which was
the you know the Middle East and uh had
some business going on again in the iot
Smart City space really interesting
experiences got back to New York a few
years after that and I was pitching to
funny enough now though the mayor of New
York City Eric Adams but he was the
Borough president of Brooklyn at the
time so we did a pilot program with with
the city of Brooklyn and then all of a
sudden I found myself in front of
Madison Square Garden pitching you know
again my smart venue Smart City platform
and they kind of made me an offer I
couldn't refuse which was they were
starting up a a venture firm kind of
didn't know what it was exactly about
now it's it was the origins of what's
MSG sphere uh if your audience had not
heard of that I definitely encouraged to
Google it it's the future of
entertainment it's this venue the future
of venues if you will and again it was
at the time it was a circle on a napkin
the Jim Dillon had drawn and his his
mandate to us was if it exists we're not
interested which is like awesome to say
definitely difficult to accomplish um
this is in mid to late 2016. and so I
spent a few years there three years
there building up what is now just now
coming out which is again a message
sphere so it made a bunch of Investments
across the way that's kind of when I
jumped over to the investment side from
being an entrepreneur but I really still
got to operate which was awesome like
MSG was a nice brand there was a Sandbox
to play in so you weren't just Financial
investing which would have been you know
no offense today but kind of boring for
me at least I'm an operator and I've
been a Founder so we got to really like
play with our stuff right we're meeting
like a from an invest something we can
actually test it out and you know I
think we own like seven venues so it was
really great experience loved every
moment of that and then I found myself
you know kind of zooming forward here
long answer to uh working with the
co-founder of Galaxy which is the NBA
player by the name of Spencer Dinwiddie
who plays currently for the Brooklyn
Nets really really smart guy I had a
vision he was trying to I was trying to
help him launch a venture fund to send
actually but that was right as covert
was hitting and he had this other thing
he was doing which was securitizing or
tokenizing his MBA contract which I got
to kind of see firsthand and help with a
little bit and then met the other
co-founder of Galaxy his uh his longtime
friend solo sise and essentially they
had this vision for Galaxy what is now
Galaxy and uh broke me in and I was like
absolutely I'd love to help out and kind
of that's how I got here I'm still
investing actively and still operating
which is what I love to do a little bit
of add sorry for the very long one to
answer but that's that's the short
version believe it or not how I got here
at the moment I've been full-time and I
went YOLO crypto in 2018 and quit a
previous career to go full time into
this space and I wear multiple hats so I
can completely commiserate with the
million directions that you get pulled
in but but how they all ended up in in
this one place and I couldn't quite
remember why I remembered Spencer
dinwiddy's name and when you brought up
that he tokenized his contract
everything kind of clicked for me which
is silly because that was a huge deal to
me I personally found a lot of parts of
your journey very intriguing but for me
personally I said that I quit a previous
career I was an urban planner so your
connected City platform really went off
on the radar for me and it sounds like
that work is what took you to the Middle
East and then back to New York so just
to kind of scratch my my inner nerd itch
can you just share a little bit about
what the connected City platform was I
think that like smart cities and iot
they have somewhat of a connection with
a lot of web3 projects so even if it's
not necessarily adjacent to Galaxy I
think it's still a very valuable type of
experience that you were able to get
working with the government sector while
also trying to show them Innovative Tech
so could you just share a little bit
more about what that platform was like
yeah absolutely and I again appreciate
that opportunity because I'm also a nerd
at heart and so I you know I love I love
geeking out of this kind of stuff
so yeah I mean now it seems somewhat
commonplace people have heard of iot and
you know things like beacons and stuff
it's almost like not Antiquated at all
but it's it's very much background right
AI is on and it's all part of the same
thing back then it was definitely new it
was nice in space um I I was really
fascinated by
um by beacons um at the time only um
Apple had a protocol right which was
ibeacon Google Now has one called Eddie
Stone but it's it wasn't out at the time
right so this was like 2013 or so
essentially the platform did this thing
where we created a mobile app that would
you know react with Bluetooth or react
with with beacons and so essentially we
were wired up things like landmarks and
you know museums and actual airports and
stuff like that and essentially if you
had the City app of that City it would
you know it would bring you a wealth of
information it would be able to pin you
whatever and just in time type of stuff
and again now seems very commonplace
back then no one had seen or heard that
and so we were taking over like
everything from like advertising concert
stuff advertising like I think they were
doing the Grand Prix and there's a
European Olympics so there's a bunch of
advertising type of stuff but it was
really like opt-in people were you know
excited to see this they would come up
to a landmark and get information can
buy tickets so it was pretty cool that
transitioned to something that was even
cooler but in the same realm which was
sort of smart venue or smart
infrastructure we did this intranet
system so we used like you know we used
like it was as if it was Wi-Fi but it
was it was a closed loop Network and we
put entertainment we put information it
was kind of like an infotainment system
that ended up going into airplanes of
all places airplanes and airports and uh
it was again an intranet that had like a
Netflix and a Shopping Network and kind
of as much as you can imagine almost
like remember Sky Mall yes it was like a
digital Sky Mall but it had more than it
didn't have like notes for your your cat
it had you know like Gucci and like it
had like really really high-end stuff
because the airline was very high-end
and so it was really cool to do that and
to kind of stream to your own device I
think we were the first group or among
the first two groups that were doing
streaming to your own device now every
of course every airplane and every you
know every brand has that but at the
time no one did so it was pretty
Innovative I was pretty proud of that
and that's that is what I was trying to
pitch to New York and to you know into
MSG and so on so maybe just uh because I
inherently and innately know the slow
molasses like process of large
bureaucracies were you dealing with that
when you were pitching this product to
like the the city of New York and when
you were dealing with large Airlines
yeah more of the city of New York than
anything well Eric was a great champion
of it Eric and Eric Adams being the
current mayor of New York City he was
excited about the idea he you know he
was backing it full-heartedly but there
were so many levels of bureaucracy
Beyond him there's a system in New York
called NYC link I don't even know if
it's like I think it's it's still active
meaning like there are these weird you
know these what do you call them
machines that are standing all around
New York City that you can technically
plug into to charge your phone or touch
it but they've really become like kind
of a you know book homeless and and it's
it's really been like not not the most
Pleasant thing for the city at least not
what they what they pictured and so I
was trying to augment that to make it so
it's again Touch free right so people
would just be around it it would create
a radius of Wi-Fi which now it actually
does but a radius so it got really messy
a lot of Partners when it comes to MSG
or or to like groups like that or even
Airlines it was a lot faster especially
in the Middle East it was it was
actually very very quick we got right to
the top same thing with quite frankly
same thing with the governments you know
when you get to the to the level of you
know what we were dealing with like at
the presidency and that kind of level
essentially it opened every door so we
were very blessed at that point to at
least get that to get that going but
then bring us back to reality yes
there's a very slow process sales Cycles
are long I mean I did look at a little
bit of your background with being again
a planner so I can imagine how cool that
would be so ideas are great but then you
know adoption is is the execution key
that that's the challenge yeah when uh
one of my roles as a planner we were
essentially using technology that was
less useful than Excel and this was to
manage all the home data for the homes
in the county
and just from my Insider perspective I
knew that it would take a decade or
longer to get new technology added to
the county right so it's always
interesting when we hear about these
really Innovative Technologies and then
trying to integrate them with
governmental processes is just such an
uphill battle the mayor of New York is
this the Eric he took a portion of his
salary in Bitcoin I think that's right
yeah I remember seeing the headline when
he first started yeah yeah that's super
cool so yeah I guess a lesson learned
there is despite the fact that you're
working with someone who's super Forward
Thinking in a large bureaucracy there's
still going to be these kind of like
slowed down bogged processes and I think
I even saw one of those stands that you
were talking about the last time I was
in New York and it just so happened that
there was a deranged looking person that
was trying to use the cell phone option
that was on the stand
so it's funny the public goods that we
can create and then how they might not
necessarily be public goods because not
everyone wants to use them yeah so as
you're going through your journey and
you're creating your Builder operator
you're probably focusing more on
building a product and then delivering
that to your client but you're also an
investor so I want to pick your brain a
little bit and throughout your journey
can you pinpoint the first time you
heard about crypto Bitcoin ethereum what
it was and if you're anything like me
you probably waved it off and ignored it
was your story similar to that yeah
definitely uh I think I first heard
about Bitcoin yeah I mean I first heard
about that the concept also overseas and
you're 100 right my reaction was like
super interesting but like I I was way
too you know focused on what I was doing
to pay attention now there's even things
like I think what's it called City Coin
and some other things out there that
actually have a ton of relevance with
the potential of what I was doing with
you know with the Smart City platform I
think in MSG and this is not the first
time but mmsg I think we were visited by
consensus and by a couple of groups that
were coming in to to Showcase potential
use cases of blockchain Technologies at
that you know with that one was ethereum
and then some others from everything
from like you know of course nfts and
collectibles but also to ticketing and
all those kinds of use cases that you
would imagine with a venue so I was
definitely again you know lucky enough
to see that from the lens I always
appreciate and understand that that
wasn't anyone showing me that it was you
know they were trying to sell to MSG so
that was that was great I just got to be
the stewarder in that seat of you know
making of not making the decision but at
least obtaining the information so I got
to learn from a lot of a lot of really
smart people and even those smart people
that were in it for you know years at
the time were saying like look every day
that I'm in crypto I feel like I'm five
years behind crypto Every Day
in 2018 2017. so you know I appreciate
them saying that because I had no idea
back then working with Spencer you know
the NBA player and the co-founder of
Galaxy incredibly knowledgeable this is
not just like a face to you know
something a project he very much is deep
in the space and very much understands
that from a philosophical level all the
way to a technical level so even like
sponging off of those conversations
hearing you know kind of what the vision
was for his tokenization and you know
quite frankly you know without naming
names we got like I don't know four or
five dozen other athletes that wanted to
do the same thing that Spencer did so we
had a bunch of names on a on an Loi type
of list of TR you know so there was
definitely legs there but with regular
back to the whole bureaucracy aspect
with regulations being what they were
Spencer went through like you know a
year more than a year years of uh
deliberation and legal stuff with the
NBA with you know the SEC all that kind
of stuff so he was very much like the
the steward to bring this forth to then
you know open that door it still has not
come to full volition because like not
no one's really doing this right now but
I still think that that is a few there
is a future where where you know that
kind of activity is happening and
allowing creators or athletes or
whatever to really again benefit and
monetize on the BET on themselves and
get all that value now versus over you
know the course of time yeah and just to
provide a little bit of context for our
listeners Spencer Dinwiddie plays for
the NBA I believe he joined the League
what in 2020 2021 around there uh now he
joined quite a bit before that but he
kind of you know it took him a while to
get through the GP and kind of get you
know build up to what he is today so
yeah I think he broke through and had a
good great year in 2019-2020 and then he
later said that he was going to use a
portion he was going to convert a
portion of his contract into tokens and
I believe that token owners would also
be able to claim a portion of his future
Revenue that's right okay yeah
definitely check it out if for your
audience that's interesting check it out
there's plenty of uh plenty of writing
things out there on it but yeah the
vision was give him the contract value
today and it's almost like a bond where
you would enjoy upside or even get like
dividends every like quarter or
something alongside his MBA contract so
it was really betting on himself to
almost overcome our certain hurdle rates
which was again the coupon not to get
too technical but a certain hurdle rate
and what he could do with that you know
with that Capital versus it coming you
know over the course of time you know
through the MBA contract and I I know
that you're not as representative and
you probably can't speak as to the
motivations behind it but but you did
bring up an interesting point relating
it to like a bond and when I start
thinking about crypto and defy and how
we can collateralize certain assets and
then start to use them so was that kind
of an impetus behind tokenizing the
contract was to be able to have this new
kind of liquid asset that could be used
in the web 3 space yeah and I'm not
going to sell Spencer short because he
does a great job speaking about this and
he has a ton of innovative innovative
ideas on what this could be and I've
heard him say like hey I want to be able
to you know use a Spencer token to buy a
house or to buy bread like that kind of
stuff in the past the reason that came
out the way it came out was he had to
make it sort of vanilla he had to make
it the most basic version of it so for
the NBA the Legacy infrastructure to
accept it uh which I get it right I get
it from both sides so yeah that is you
know that was at least one of the paths
that he was envisioning was this whole
new asset class almost like I think I've
heard him say like real life fantasy
sports right the idea of like can you
get Spencer Circa 2016 or 17 when he was
you know a rookie or you know early in
the league or in the G League at like
you know five cents and then all of a
sudden he's this you know Sixth Man of
the Year candidate etc etc you know
doing great in the playoffs and now it's
worth you know X you know X much 10x
that number or 100x that number so there
was that Vision we did not do that but
that that is exactly there that's
potential excuse me if I sound like a
fanboy but what's it like to kind of
work with like uh a rising NBA star is
there like an ego in the room or is it
just like a person-to-person basis and
it just so happens that since he's so
forward thinking and philosophically
minded as well as technically capable to
understand these Concepts does that just
make him specifically the type of person
that's great to be building a product
with so great great question I mean you
know not to sit here and blow a smoke or
towards Spencer he has enough of it but
he uh Spencer's you know in a sense is a
unicorn right he is definitely a special
type of person and player when it's the
off season then we have more access to
him it's it's excellent right I think he
he can come into a room completely cold
not in the conversation take it in for a
couple minutes and then completely give
you a great inside point that says no
you should be doing this or think let's
think this way or have you considered
you know this so that's been excellent
um ego wise no I mean what you would
expect to be the case right it's not
that at all that easily could be and I
think everyone would understand if it
was but it very much is right I think he
he likes to think of it as a team as
well and you know you have our our
designer Chad right he's like look
you're the three-point Specialist or
you're like the LeBron or whatever take
your shot you know everyone has their
role like our CEO right he's he's always
thinking on the bigger picture and
always strategizing so I think it's like
putting the team together he's been
really great at that and really even
just sort of stepping out of the way to
let the other team members sort of take
their shots which has been you know we
appreciated that's excellent and then
the incredible luxury of having you know
someone like him to be the dot connector
to be the door opener you know to allow
us to to get so many more athletes and
creators involved in our project that if
it was like if I was the founder it
would just never be the case right it
would it would either never be allowed
or I'd have to use a ton of resources to
invest in and actually you know quote
unquote buy these relationships and even
if I was able to do that it wouldn't be
authentic you know so like I think
that's one of you know not to jump ahead
to Galaxy that's one of Galaxy's biggest
advantages sort of organically is that
these are authentic relationships we
have not paid anyone to be here et
cetera Etc and that wouldn't be the case
if it wasn't for solo and Spencer shout
out to Spencer for being a humble
athlete so this line of questioning is
going to lead into more of a deep dive
into Galaxy but so if I'm just taking a
step back it sounds like you kind of
were sold the merits of blockchain
technology in the 2017-ish era when the
company you were working on behalf of
you started having folks bring this into
you I myself elf and from the crypto
class of 2017 I bought my first Bitcoin
in ethereum that summer but if I'm just
gonna take a educated guess based off of
your background it sounds like maybe you
were too busy building out your platform
in 2718 to take the leap but maybe
around 2020 is when you kind of got bit
by the bug and kind of jumped into the
space I noticed that uh in your LinkedIn
there's a little blurb about Dapper labs
and that seems like your first kind of
collaboration with a web through type
entity so maybe uh share what that
Journey was like the two to three years
after you first heard about blockchain
and then what was it in 2020 if I am
correct in your timeline and assuming
that that was like okay this is the time
to jump in like I want to be in web3
yeah so 2020 was the the first sort of
larger investment that I made that
wasn't just like buying some crypto or
some tokens it was you know again Dapper
uh and I'll come to that in a second I
started working with Spencer and his a
group or his like small group probably I
think summer of 2018 so it's been it was
a predated Galaxy you know we were
looking at opportunities to invest in
and from everything from consumer to
definitely crypto I think we looked at
like uh Silo we looked at you know
Foundation we looked we looked at a lot
a lot of companies uh rally and so on we
looked at a lot of companies with again
via Spencer and my network we had great
access so that was that was really
beneficial when the opportunity came
along to invest into Dapper Labs a it
was a no-brainer for me I've seen and
heard of them from back in you know even
back in like 2016 2017 when they were
doing crypto kitties and I remember
looking at that use case for a lot of
some a lot of the efforts that we were
doing at Madison Square Garden for the
future right kind of the digital
Collectibles what's important to to like
younger audiences it was more like
experiences over over assets and Dapper
and crypto kitties and now NBA Top Shot
is kind of a combination of both right
it is an experience in a way at least
crypto kitties was as you're building up
your you know your cats and all that
kind of stuff in your collections but
it's also an asset right it's a digital
asset so it was a really obvious to me
and in fact I remember giving my memo to
Spencer and saying dude you know he's
like how much should we invest I'm like
as much as you possibly can and and look
tongue-in-cheek there of course the the
market has been up and down and then
down recently but there was definitely a
moment of time where where the
unrealized results were incredible for a
while right when flow tokens were at the
top and when there was talks of you know
I think like Disney or someone trying to
buy Dapper and even their latest round
you know I think it was like seven and a
half billion was the valuation we came
in significantly you know before the
billions and and uh that was you know
that was definitely I'm still proud of
that I think that there's still
potential of that company irrespective
of what happens but yeah the bug hit me
there's like wow there's there's so much
here and in that hype cycle you know
irrespective of dapper and sort of the
2020 to 2022 range right before like the
year or so ago that everything kind of
slowed down I mean you were seeing left
and right people just going crazy on
these token deals and you know crazy
valuations and I think that's where
there was both sides of my mouth or my
brain were working which is as an
operator and as in investor as an
investor yes there was a ton of
potential for short-term opportunity at
the same time I knew that the
fundamentals were wrong right there was
just no way company X or Y is worth that
much when you know they just have an
idea or a white paper or no clients no
Revenue etc etc so that was it's a
challenge but I understand of what's
going on today and I think that that
makes a lot of sense and while it's
great to build off hype we've enjoyed
that ourselves to you know have a lot of
investors come in because of the
potential and the hype not because of
actuals but I cannot wait both from
Galaxy's perspective to get into the
actuals and track records and stuff so
it's like no no look we built this here
it is check it out it's working uh look
at you know people are here and as well
as you know as I invest kind of being a
lot more first principles and more
disciplined in terms of that not that I
wasn't being disciplined but just I
think it gives everyone in the market
like more awareness to be like hey hey
hold on slow down seed round shouldn't
be at 100 million dollars in this
particular vertical Etc yeah so I'm
hoping this next question I'm asking is
poising you to answer as an owner
operator and not necessarily to kind of
like shine any negative light on the
industry but the metaverse Dows nfts
these were huge buzzwords in 2020 and in
2021 and these verticals have taken some
big hits recently like uh the first
example that comes to mind is
Zuckerberg's massive losses to the tunes
of tens of billions of dollars on his
metaverse projects so I guess
um I'm gonna ask like a two-part
question and hopefully tee you up for an
awesome answer a what's it like building
a metaverse oriented or adjacent project
in this environment and then B can you
just tell me why bear markets are the
best time for building great questions
great questions for sure I think so just
like the first you know the first
portion of your question about meta
versus Dows Etc either way it's it's
still nascent right it's just early days
and even though like to people who are
in the space it doesn't feel that way
right I've been talking about metaverse
and AR since well before even 2016. you
know and and so on I'm sure there's
people that are you know much before
that same with like sort of OG crypto
people in Dallas
it depends on your intentions and where
to your point are you are you looking at
it from a building standpoint are you
looking at it from an investment
standpoint Etc so I love the space it's
just early and in metaverse too like I'm
the biggest sort of bullish you know
proponent of the space but until there's
until there's mainstream adoption or
even options for the hardware aspect
there's there's no other way to get in
essentially right I mean you could do it
through your phone there's other things
that you can kind of do but until that
happens it's very difficult I think
there's been really clever web app
aspects stuff that that allow you to do
like what is it called like essentially
what web web AR type of stuff which okay
that's fine but that's not true that
wasn't the origin of what this was
supposed to be so we're still building
towards that your other question around
you know what is it like building a
metaverse product I mean metaverse is
incredible potential because you're you
know you're truly building another realm
that can twin or did you know be a
digital twin or more important more like
exciting and overlay over the whole
world if you've never seen that I think
it's called type of reality if you type
that into you know YouTube You'll see
this like video made quite a while ago
it wasn't like just now where like it's
just someone's experience of like going
on a bus and going going to a grocery
store and it's it's overwhelming and
then actually everything shuts off for a
minute and you see a regular store I
don't know that's necessarily or like
ready player one I don't know if that's
necessarily what everyone's going
towards I think there will be common use
cases across the board at the same time
there's so much opportunity for
Industrial and Commercial sort of
business use cases in the metaverse so
I'm I'm a big proponent I've built a
couple things towards that effort things
like you know for flows right there's a
company called compassion VR that we
were starting at one point which was for
I'm not going to say Trump for like
people like with PTSD for senior
citizens for groups that have you know
either issues with with coping with some
you know with some mental aspect or with
like accessibility or even like you know
distance so like I'm a great grandparent
I'm sitting in a retirement home I can't
go to my kids birthday or my grandkids
birthday or whatever but this allows you
to be in that place or feel like it or
even just tourism so we did a lot of
things for vulnerable populations love
that effort and I still think it's going
to be huge so that's that's one thing
and then building in a bear Market sorry
that took so long to get to that
question it's all good I mean it really
depends whether it's a bull market or a
bear market for you as a builder or an
entrepreneur it just really depends on
your individual situation you might have
if it's you and if you're a developer or
you have a you know a co-founder that's
an engineer you might not matter right
it's just your time at that point maybe
it's the difficulty of of getting you
know getting funding and in that case if
it's a bear market and it's difficult to
get funding then it's just difficult no
matter what it just depends on the
composition of your team right if you
were reliant on getting funding to then
go hire an engineer because you have an
idea that can be very difficult at the
same time there's maybe less
expectations in a bear Market especially
on the crypto side right I think the the
bar is is lower to some degree to what
you are expected to do
um when you actually hit market so
that's probably a bit of a benefit but
otherwise I don't know that for an
entrepreneur it matters short of a huge
X Factor which is funding right if you
can't get funding and you can't build
because you don't have an engineer on
your team that is a massive Challenge
and when you flip it then it's actually
really great for you because you can sit
there and build as long as you want and
start start kind of promote yourself as
someone building during this time in
difficult times but does that affect you
on valuation I mean there's all these
other things to kind of factor in right
maybe you would have gotten a much
better valuation right off the bat based
on it being a bull market versus bear
Market but I think at the end of the day
it doesn't matter you know if you're
building you're building something that
you think is going to be huge not a
little bit okay so yeah I love that
example that you just use uh for
compassion VR again you know we both
kind of come from a realm where we were
building well you were building for the
urban fabric of like cities and things
like that and when I was studying urban
planning there was the overlay of three
specific areas environment economics and
social good so to hear that you know
you're still building these products for
social good on the side are really
interesting but I think uh despite the
negative headlines and you did a great
job of watching past Facebooks or meta's
current loss on their metaverse
Investments but you're right this
technology we've been talking about it
for six plus years I mean if you look
back at the Sims the video game that's
been around since what like 2000 like
we've been playing in the metaverse
Millennials have been playing in the
metaverse Gen X has been playing in the
metaverse it's just now we have a time a
way to tokenize it and to add assets I
think you wanted to add something yeah I
think I'd love to yeah I didn't mean to
skip over the meta question and great
call out on on Sims I think even going
back beyond that SimCity was one of my
first like video game loves maybe it's
not exactly Fair because I think you
know like Mario and some stuff back in
the console there's been on the computer
man SimCity was excellent I still love
those types of games Civilization
SimCity like anything like Age of
Empires I haven't played forever but I
love those games on The Meta front I
think it's again it's all relative like
yeah they lost a billion or 10 billion
or you know whatever the number may or
may not be I think it's all relative I'm
not trying to water that down that is
obviously from their their Investor's
perspective a very large Miss to a
degree I don't think it's a Miss I think
that it's just again an early cycle
towards that effort right they happen to
own Oculus right so I think they're one
of the people that will actually be able
to propagate the hardware for the
adoption to come people that are in
there like you know whether single digit
thousands or tens of thousands or
whatever that number actually is there
are great early adopters but it's that
whole like Pioneers versus settlers
thing it will come like just like
Facebook and social media arrived at the
time and now everyone has you know
social accounts this is going to be the
future I think it just needs to decide I
mean Apple coming out with the Vision
Pro is a huge huge step but similar to
like Microsoft's hololens I think the
Vision Pro is going to be almost like a
dev kit it's going to be fun for
consumers there's a lot of application
and it's already like polished not like
the the hololens wasn't quite the same
but I think when we get down to a
different size factor of actual glasses
or or contact lenses or whatever the
heck it's going to be or even something
different that's when you can actually
get into mainstream adoption because it
doesn't look ridiculous you're wearing a
giant thing on your head
Etc it still works but it just it's got
to become more socially acceptable and
convenient yeah and let me just caveat
all that with I'm just using a single
data point that represents just a moment
in time you know if in 2018 or at the
end of 2018 I told you I bought Bitcoin
at seventeen thousand dollars and it was
then three thousand dollars you'd be
calling me an idiot right but here we
are six years later and you would be
dying to buy Bitcoin at seventeen
thousand dollars so I'm just you know
being a little cheeky let's recognize
the Nuance that yes this is just a data
point but if we zoom out and take a
longer time perspective then yes the
metaverse and these types of tools and
Technologies are are more likely going
to be integrated into uh mainstream
adoption and something that I'm really
interested to chat with you about
actually is how is the sports industry
kind of intertwining with the metaverse
and this is going to eventually lead
into to Galaxy and the work that you
guys are doing but something that was
really pivotal or Monumental depending
on how you choose to look at it a few
work weeks ago here in the US the Major
League Baseball had the All-Star Game
weekend and that weekend they debuted
the virtual Park are you familiar with
this launch and if you are or maybe not
uh just share some of your industry
Insight why is MLB launching a virtual
Park kind of like a significant moment
and as we trudge closer and closer
towards mainstream adoption great
question an awesome use case and yeah I
am familiar loved what they were doing
at that front I think Sports brings such
a great opportunity for like a
completely non-technical audience right
a mainstream audience to all of a sudden
be aware let alone actually engage with
this kind of emerging technology MLB
doing what it's in I'll come back to
that part but MLB doing what it's doing
is to me not a surprise I think MLB has
been a great Pioneer for a long long
time I mean I think they were the first
sports League to stream and so on and so
forth with that MLB band Tech I know
that's been divested or they sold it to
Disney or whatever has happened since
but the group has always been very
Innovative I think like the fan base
traditionally being a little bit older
especially comparatively speaking to the
NBA in the NFL this is again yet another
great step to tap into the world of like
a much younger audience right gaming and
metaverse Etc really will open that door
I have I happen to have a kid who's
about to be five my oldest is about to
be five and he is in the last I don't
know maybe six months or so or three
months like like that sort of time where
it's sharp on my mind right now enamored
with baseball like he's been watching
you know we want much more of that like
I'm a Seattle Mariners I watch the
scoreboard and watch some stuff when I
have time he watches Every Game and
Watch sees everything and tells me stuff
every single day and so like for him to
be able to get into like a virtual
stadium is incredibly exciting if I'm
able to give medset or whatever to dive
into it he loves it he literally watches
YouTube video clips of like like a
Nintendo Wii you know baseball or some
other thing called like baseball all the
time stuff that I don't even know about
it I like to think of myself as being on
you know up to up to date with tech and
everything going on and he's like Oh
Daddy check this out so I think it's a
great step to connect with the younger
audience and I think it will be fruitful
even if it takes a number of years and
then Sports overall you know at MSG we
were investors in the company that I
think was bought by Apple since then but
a company called Next VR and the promise
was kind of as straightforward and
simple as any mainstream person can
understand which is it's you know being
in the front row in your in your living
room right so the idea was you could
said Courtside and have that view from
your living room whether it's in a
headset or even the stream like on your
TV that's what next guy was doing for
sports for concerts for like NASCAR for
kind of everything and what a great idea
like just in general right I think that
was super in in Innovative and immersive
and it allowed you to sit you know again
Courtside in a suite front row like you
know various various perspectives in the
venue I think again that's all coming
right I think that that will open up the
doors and while a little bit of a double
edge short because traditionally teams
and leagues have always battled the
living room or the couch right they want
people to come at the same time not with
TV contracts they don't need people to
come like it's kind of one and you know
they capture their revenue no matter
what and quite frankly whenever they can
go to like a more a car type of option
so I pay whatever like 25 for a month
for my MLB.tv thing if I can do that
across you know my teams that I like and
pay them a dollar per view or some total
per season they already have more
Revenue anyway so like that's all coming
and I think it's an exciting use case
because I happen to be a sports fan so
I'm biased but yeah that will you know
things like that whether it's sports or
even sort of pop culture or social stuff
can you you know can you watch the
Oscars or the Grammys through this kind
of thing can you watch a reality TV show
through this type of perspective Etc and
it honestly will change how content is
made in the future right can movies be
made in a different way where it's
Choose Your Own Adventure or interactive
or walk through and that again not a
novel concept it's been around again
look at MSG sphere I think that that's
going to be its own medium and its own
like I think we call you know we call it
a canvas you're going to experience
something almost like you're at
Universal or Disney in a ride going to
an immersive experience blasting off
into space or going underwater or
whatever the experiences will be not
just watching concerts so very excited
about the space overall if you can't if
you can't tell by my voice you kind of
got me excited there for a moment
because I'm a South Florida sports fan
I'm not like an NFL fan or an MLB fan I
like my teams so if I could buy a
package where I'm only watching Miami
play for MLS or the Dolphins play for
the NFL or the Marlins play for MLB that
right there would sell me I don't I
don't care because now I have something
to talk about with my family every week
when these games are on I can reach out
to my dad who lives in another part of
the country and now we have another
reason to chat kind of like taking a
step back from web3 because Galaxy is
also very much in the social media world
so I kind of want at like a high level
just want to hear your perspective on
what is like the future of social media
and engaging with followers or friends
or whatever you want to call them online
what's the killer use case that's going
to bring web3 to the mainstream through
social media and I'm specifically I want
to put this on your radar using threads
threads seem to have a shot to take
Twitter out and for like a week there
was 100 million downloads and now we see
threads kind of dying off a little bit
not so much activity so what's the role
for innovation in social media when we
have like behemoths like Twitter and
Facebook that I already already here
maybe this is an impossible question to
ask you but I would love to hear your
answer how do we disrupt these like
large behemoths that already exist today
to me and I'm not necessarily some
overall expert on you know the broader
space but you know as a user as a human
let alone as someone operating sort of a
emerging you know social and Marketplace
company so I guess I have to put myself
in that in that position so the realm
that it's like peer-to-peer so like sort
of Facebook when it was just you know me
and my friends or me and my family I
think that that's sort of one column
right that's that's one thing and then
the other side is like the the nature of
the dynamic of following a Creator
following someone you know following
someone that's actually a influencer a
Creator an athlete whatever that is
that's the realm I'm gonna speak towards
more right not not the former and I I
think quite frankly it's what drives
everyone is a Content this King right
not a new statement but what drives
everyone is is those creators the people
that you like to follow right maybe it's
an athlete maybe again it's a it's a
lifestyle whatever an influencer whoever
it might be it might be Elon Musk like
you know whoever it might be you're
gonna follow that person sort of
wherever they put their content out to a
degree I I think like the former
president Trump having to launch a new
platform versus kind of what you know
getting kicked off of Twitter different
angle right that I'm not that's a little
bit of an extreme but let's take it you
know take it to a little more in the
Norms where if I'm watching you know if
I'm you're in Denver it's like if
Russell Wilson is tweeting and I'm a
follower of Russell Wilson I'm gonna go
and watch listen and read his tweets if
they're on Twitter or if they're on
Instagram or wherever the heck he's
posting and so that's a little bit of
our Encore which is can you give shift
the power and the authenticity and all
the tools back to the Creator so that
way they can connect with their audience
because that's sort of the more natural
thing happening anyway me as a platform
I don't want to get in your way and put
like ads in front of you or essentially
monetize under data that's the
traditional Playbook and it works
clearly right we have to your point
behemoths in the space operating that
way but what always gets me is like
there's a ton of unrealized value for
that Creator that's that's being gobbled
up by the platform by like the man in
this case right and so like I look at
like Joe Rogan right so Joe Rogan got
that big contract with Spotify what a
number of years ago and seemingly
enormous it was a 250 or 200 million
whatever the heck it was over a number
of years and yet that seemed like this
big deal but clearly Spotify perceived
much more value in him otherwise why
would they do that as a business and I
think that came true I think their their
stock price jumped or their you know
their their value jumped by like eight
billion dollars that data that was
announced so like that's always the case
and you every time you examine that
whether it's you know promote like a
like a marketing promotion or like some
you know a brand ping a creator for for
a post or whatever whatever they're
paying them clearly there's you know a
number X more value for them to to
realize otherwise they wouldn't be
paying them it wouldn't make sense for
anyone to do that and so I think like
that little portion not to get so
technical in an answer that we could
have gotten you know a little bit more
mainstream with but that portion of
value is where I think we can disrupt
and actually bring over the creators to
actually have to you know be valuable
not that we need it's not mutually
exclusive we don't need them to leave
other platforms we need them to use that
as distribution quite frankly but we
want them to realize that hey on Galaxy
you can do anything you want you're
going to have a much bigger cut and
overall like it's it's your platform
it's your thing you you know you're
gonna actually realize more and more you
know profits and monetization and kind
of do whatever you want flexibility
we're not going to do Platform you we're
not going to take more and more put ads
in front of your people it's your data
it's your audience
etc etc and I'm happy to impact on more
I didn't mean to go so technical there
no that was great I want to put a pin in
the bringing an audience to a platform
because you're right I'm going to listen
to Joe Rogan on iTunes or on Spotify or
if he says something that's covered in
CNN I'm going to read his quote because
it's just a person of interest today so
I want to put a pin in that and then
kind of use uh the next question or two
to talk about the technology that
enables this and so when I think of web3
is it's the key value prop is the
ability to own your own data so in this
instance let's say I want to leave
Twitter and go to a to another social
media platform it would be great if I
could just bring all of my followers
from Twitter onto the new social media
platform that doesn't exist right now
but we're moving towards a future where
that could exist and I believe that this
is the type of functionality that Galaxy
will enable or spur on or offer but to
kind of like just take a quick second
and look into to a little bit of the
technological aspect your Builder you're
also a VC guy you're also creating a
platform that you're operating but
Technologies are very important and in
the past few years I've noticed that
especially since you know our Genesis in
2017 there's become more and more l1s so
from your perspective and all these hats
that you wear and the conversations
you're having with VCS and other
builders and content creators and things
like this what's just your your view on
the multi-chain thesis is there going to
be one chain that rules them all or when
people are looking at what blockchain
network to use for their product what
really matters when they're evaluating
blockchains I'm personally a believer
that that you know I'm a Believer in
interoperability I don't know in the
future if we all boil down to one chain
unless it was like with the consensus
adopted that way it seems to be kind of
like antithetical to to decentralization
right that's a pretty centralized chain
if there's only one it's a similar
thought to like you know even like you
know like the federal currency like
reserve currency that kind of idea to
where all of a sudden there's the
digital dollar and now you know usdc
usdt any kind of stablecoin is not
needed and that might be okay if like
we're just paying to the dollar but
anyway I digress from that portion so
yeah I think you know technology of
course is the backbone of all this but
the key and the secret as to how do you
get it out of the way right because
again most mainstream people are not
don't know what a metamask is they don't
want to deal with the extension browser
or like wallet like all this kind of
stuff is too too much initially let
alone the way that it currently is set
up with like past phrases and like all
the things that you need to do that's
very different than just you know pin
code or or email password although you
know we're doing that too we let our our
charge with ux meaning we want to be the
interface the easiest interface and the
most beautiful interface for anything
web3 right we want to build a product
that is completely chain agnostic so we
want to work with flow and with polygon
and with you know Solana and so on and
so forth we're proudly built on hedera
right a chain that is made maybe less
less heard about right now but there are
reasons for that and I can unpack that
but yeah so we did it through a lens of
design so our ux is built in a certain
way that's very familiar to web2 it's
very similar to like a Twitter Instagram
type of feel and it's very intuitive to
where like instead of for example I
could send you crypto or your money I
guess but I could send you Fiat or let's
just say usdc or or eth or whatever and
I don't need to go like find your wallet
address and you know type in some long
password I could just do a name service
and say you know at Dylan or whatever
your username might be and send it to
you that way through the app so like we
put a whole engine you know kudos to
both the vision of our two founder solo
and Spencer and to our chief design
officer Chad for bringing that to life
in such a way where it's just easy to
use for most people that are just not
native crypto enthusiasts and that
that's like one of our sort of special
sauces is through ux otherwise you have
to sit there and educate and I don't
know that most mainstream creators
necessarily care it's just kind of not
the right approach or strategy to say
Hey you know being on chain gives you
all these benefits or like instant pass
they just want to hear the bottom lines
of like okay it works you can get you
know you can get paid really quickly you
can easily do all these things video
calls whatever and it's just kind of
keeping it at that simple level and then
letting everything else be under the
hook that's been our approach yeah it's
uh it's like a website Creator in the
90s just creating a website as opposed
to saying this is tcpip and this is why
you need to use this protocol and then
here's my website you can use my website
on this as well so that was a great
response and I think we'll get into a
little bit more about why you guys chose
hedera which if I'm being honest I
thought that that was like a private
consortia change so to hear that there's
a public network is really interesting
and we'll get into that as to why Galaxy
built on that first so to kind of launch
you into what galaxy is Let's uh start
with a broader question and then we'll
use Galaxy as the context for this so
what's your perspective on the future of
the Outlook of the creative economy and
how is Galaxy kind of building to meet
that niche in my opinion the future of
the Creator economy needs to be sort of
almost obviously crater Centric right it
needs to be empowering creators to do
what they do best right and again
content is King people it's amazing what
you find online right it could literally
be someone just jamming on a guitar or
playing the drums on you know Reddit TV
if I think that that product's been
Sunset but you know something like that
or you know I'm getting their tips or
whatever or there's everything all the
way out to like only fans and all these
other platforms that are you know maybe
not safe for work type of content adult
content so at the end of the day what
you said earlier is exactly what
resonates which is can you take your
data and your audience with you can you
easily promote to them there's things
like link tree out there and there's you
know ways to consolidate but there is no
cohesive clean you know One-Stop shop
which is what galaxy is built in courts
and what we want to be right we want to
be the de facto place to monetize we
want to help creators professionalize
being a Creator and we want to make
monetization like TurnKey and easy and
simple and not get cumbersome or in the
way and so by empowering them to again
with simple interfaces and easy to use
things to enable things like
subscriptions or fan clubs to enable
like one time transactions videos or DMS
or again quite frankly one of my
favorite things is is but we have kind
of both ends of the Spectrum which is
special requests or featured experiences
there's really similar things it depends
on who's asking right so we have this
thing called special request it allows
you as a fan to ask your creator to push
anything that you want or request
anything that you want with uh some kind
of minimum barrier so like they might
say hey for a thousand dollars or more
you can ask me to come to your house or
like whatever right to be a DJ in my
birthday party whatever the heck it
might be and then on the flip side is we
allow creators to completely carry
custom experiences so like Spencer could
be like hey I'm doing a camp but let me
show you how to you know how to shoot a
jump cheat you how to shoot a jump shot
we have like chefs and comedians that
could do kind of anything they want so
it takes it out of the box of like hey
this is a video call or like you know
kind of a cameo product or this is
purely uh like a subscription type of
thing so it allows them to be creative
I'm looking at like Mr Beast and my
creators like that that are doing
giveaways and like incredible things so
really empowering them to to take it and
run and for us just to kind of get out
of the way and just keep putting in more
and more tools so like you mentioned you
know chain agnostic we want to have many
front doors so we want to have various
wallets or you know being able to pay
with Bitcoin or eth or whatever being
able to Mint nfts or we call them
digital Collectibles across any chain or
sell them in multiple places can you
sell merchandise like you might want to
just sell t-shirts or posters great and
then right away we give you an easy
click you know one-click ad to do the
digital twin or the digital collectible
of that shirt or that poster or whatever
the heck it is you're selling so it's
just simplifying with a little bit of
Education along the way and then letting
sort of the effect of gravity or the
tide you know kind of take its turn and
start start building that Avalanche yeah
so Galaxy is an open social Marketplace
so if I'm just gonna try to comprehend
internalize what this service is going
to offer is a it's going to be kind of
like uh an ability for me to connect
with my favorite athlete or musician and
that could be by direct DMS or I forget
what the name of the video service is
but you can hire like an actor to speak
for a minute to like give your friend a
birthday wish well wishing so it's going
to provide something like that but then
also you're talking about digital
Collectibles so there's also going to be
this nft element so there's a way to
connect with the star power there's a
way to transact digital Collectibles
that are associated with that what about
like integrating the game experience
itself am I going to be able to buy
tickets to go to one of these games uh
we were talking about the virtual Park
earlier is there a world where I'm able
to buy a physical ticket or a digital
ticket to be able to attend the game in
VR maybe just kind of like add in some
additional elements of the social
Marketplace that you haven't already
brought up what are some other unique
and innovative ways that users are going
to be able to connect with their
favorite teams and players and Galaxy
yeah yeah absolutely so ticketing is
definitely a very you know very like big
use case that will we believe is you
know part of the future we enable it for
for it to work for like the leagues in
MLB right we have to partner with
leagues in MLB which we have had lots of
conversations with all the leagues with
colleges Etc so I think that is very
much a potential that you know we will
be exploring at the same time with the
individuals who have like ticketing
needs meaning like a comedian who's
doing a tour right like that kind of
stuff an influencer that might be
showing up at a club or at something
along those lines where you know
promoters so we actually have a whole
tool set that's building towards tickets
where again under the hood the ticket's
actually kind of an nft above you know
for the user's perspective doesn't
really matter you can just take out your
phone boom here's your ticket we want to
allow creators to saw anything they want
so again back to the physical merch or
posters or in this case tickets by all
means yes right if you're part of the
fan club you get a chance to go to the
show or whatever the heck it is it still
all boils back down to not our strategy
but really the Creator strategy and
while we have plans and thoughts on how
to raise the time rise the tide there
and help everyone understand the
potential we're you know we've thought
about doing things and we're going to do
things like crater houses or like Galaxy
cons where creators can flourish and do
their thing and learn more and really
just engage but the idea is the sky's
the limit they can really do anything
and so we bottom line is we want to be
the everything app I mean if you've seen
a lot of the press that you know X or
Twitter's been getting and some of the
stuff that they're talking about with
Elon musk's division we love seeing that
because it validates the broader idea
you know WeChat exists that kind of
stuff so we want to be very much this
whole like One-Stop shop everything
place for a Creator to to take
everything that they do and house it
here we don't need you to leave all your
other platforms we don't care about that
but we think that the evidence will be
in your experience and you're just going
to like doing that and therefore you
will you will naturally just adopt but
yeah I mean I think that there's there's
a lot more but that that is exactly the
right the right theme that you're
talking about yeah it's interesting to
hear that you're trying to build um kind
of like a a catch-all app you know it
seems like America is the last region of
the world to adopt these super apps you
know we've had we have WeChat in China
and and there are a lot of other super
apps that are kind of popping up around
the world mobile users want a One-Stop
shop to be able to communicate with
folks but to also pay for their
groceries so it's it's really
interesting to build that but for the
creative industry and of course creative
can include you know musicians athletes
content creators things I'm probably not
even thinking of that you guys have
brainstormed for users and use cases so
something that I make my bread and
butter by covering the Neo blockchain
every day so I cover adapts that are
using this particular blockchain Network
and I'm in my own little Silo like I I
know what I know about our blockchain
and that's that but I'm curious to hear
what are the types of conversations
you're having out there like why did you
guys choose to build on hedera you've
mentioned flow so why are you guys
talking about flow what are some other
popular blockchain networks that are
being discussed amongst your peers of
VCS and new product Builders right yeah
again great line of questioning that's
the theme today too again both as an
investor as an operator I never want I
don't want to see network law that
doesn't make sense to me like if you
know if I want if I see a great company
and they're building on a particular
chain that seems to be like you know
maybe not the primary chain or like the
most popular one now I have to factor in
this whole new line of of sort of
diligence that's like well are they ever
going to get out of that chain is that
chain going to open up is there going to
be opportunities for them to go more
mainstream because they're built on
chain X or whatever so that that is a
reality currently I think we need to go
beyond that we we again fortunate enough
with Spencer being the co-founder we had
conversations with everybody in the
beginning that we were not to say we
were being recorded but yeah we kind of
were we kind of were being corded to a
degree we could have built anywhere we
were fortunate enough to receive
investments from actually a couple
different chains too with groups like
polygon as well so it's not like we're
fully siled uh we're also validators on
a bridge that goes from ethereum to
polygon into hedera
so you know we're very much in that
Vision we chose hedera for a number of
reasons part of them you know again
Spencer was the last decider on these
things but part of it was like a
combination of factors of trust and
stability of the chain you kind of
mentioned you thought they were a closed
Enterprise chain Etc that's because they
have something called their governing
council with very large companies on
that governing Council that people that
would be really shocked about to hear
that you know like Google or groups like
that you know Deutsche Telecom Etc are
part of the governing Council of this
chain that they might never have heard
of so so I think that gave us a lot of
trust and belief in the future of this
chain of what it could do also it
happened to be like at the time I think
it was carbon neutral and now I think
it's carbon net negative the payouts and
the stability of the thing everything is
instant we knew the fees you know in a
world where no one has ever had to pay
for social like social media especially
like with regards to gas fees in our
world that kind of is the case sort of
and not to go too deep on that side but
like we wanted to make sure that those
fees aren't ridiculous you buy an nft
for a hundred dollars and you know on
ethereum and the fees might be 30 or 40
in addition to that so we wanted to
avoid that and uh hedera allowed for
that to be the case because they have
you know stable I think it's like a
decade-long schedule of what their fees
look like etc etc so that was all part
of it right so reliability scalability
Etc so there was a number of factors
plus being a bigger fish in a smaller
Pond also allows its benefits right we
are one of the larger products on on the
on the net on the hadera network on the
Chain they you know they love us we love
them we have good support from them so
it's not like we're just sort of one of
many 100 from bigger chain we have like
white glove service and the tension from
like the founders of this chain and so
that's a huge benefit on its own right
as well the wider audience and fan base
of Adera is actually quite larger than
most people think and they're very you
know very active and rabid perfect it
sounds like a lot of angles have been
addressed so you're providing this niche
of connecting consumers with creators
whether it's a fan of a sports star or a
musician you've chosen a Technology
based off of whether it's going to
provide you the needs of essentially
cheap network activity also I can really
appreciate the fact that you're building
in a smaller Pond that is a selling
point that I've used for folks to come
over and build in our ecosystem as well
so you have kind of all of this going on
you've been building this platform for
two and a half three years now and I
think wrapping up and kind of zooming
out what is it that gets people
interested in platforms like this and
I'm just going to go ahead and interject
my own thought but it's getting big
brand names getting Big Brand people to
start using this platform and to start
quote unquote marketing it for you so
maybe as we kind of uh wrap this
conversation up and before we go on to
what are the next steps for Galaxy can
you talk a little bit more about the
names of athletes and entertainers that
people might know that you guys have
started collaborating with as you
started this push to bring Galaxy out
into the mainstream yeah absolutely I'm
admittedly not the person that generally
deals with the creators for the most
part we have you know against Spencer
solo Baba we've got people in-house that
again are in that Circle which just
changes the calculus we're very
fortunate I think we've got well over
hundreds and hundreds I want to say it's
three four maybe even 500 at this point
creators that have committed to being on
our platform their overall reach is well
over 300 million collectively right so
that it's a big number to start from
I've never had such a platform to jump
off of as a startup so I think again
that's a that's a really unique
Advantage you know what you mentioned a
moment ago in your introduction is
exactly correct our strategy initially
is not to go out there and say Hey
Galaxy is Here sign up for Galaxy I'm
sure there will be some of that but
that's not we don't think that's going
to be like our number one go to market
or lead right I think it is very much
the creators themselves content is King
the creators themselves promoting
themselves they're not promoting even
Galaxy they're promoting whatever it is
that their activities or their
experiences that they're putting out
there is it just so happens to be living
on Galaxy and therefore you know one
thing leads to another so that's that
that is one of our approaches names that
I could drop I mean there we have you
know musicians like Tiana Taylor and you
know her husband Iman Shumpert we've got
I think at one point we had uh both the
The Bachelor at the time was Matt James
so it's a year ago but the bachelor as
well as the guy who won Dancing With the
Stars who I just mentioned Iman Shumpert
right so we do we have quite a bit of
that we have like I think some real
housewives we've got a bunch of athletes
as you can imagine Dwight Howard
obviously Spencer you know Etc et cetera
there's quite a bit of names and there's
much more coming and we're talking to
like large agencies as well that would
in one swoop you know quadruple 5x 10xr
numbers just from an agency coming in so
that's that's also a big X Factor for us
you know we hope that there's something
for everybody again I mentioned we have
chefs and and Comedians and you know and
like Fitness people and Beauty people
Etc so it really is on every Spectrum we
have crypto people it just to each their
own and I think that that's what the
diversity is what will allow us to win
and let those people do their thing and
bring their own communities in so Galaxy
will be launching soon what are the next
steps for Galaxy and it sounds like you
guys have a wide variety of creators
that you're already collaborating with
but who else do you want to hear from so
what are the next steps for Galaxy and
what projects or people are you
interested in hearing from yeah
absolutely so yeah we're working to
launch imminently uh so it should be in
you know we'll be making some
announcements in the coming weeks uh
maybe shorter so stay tuned yes it's a
long time coming we've been building and
we're very excited uh in terms of
collaboration and you know who we'd love
to hear from I mean really anyone that's
an aspiring or an established Creator we
want you to come and check us out and
you know kind of see for yourself and
see what the what the fuss will all be
about and really get get a good feel we
think that we will be the best platform
for you to achieve and reach all of your
goals kind of thing and I I it's coming
from me that sounds so funny because I
feel like if solo was here or Spencer
they would say it much more organically
and much differently to say like this is
the spot like you'll see you know I
don't say less because it's coming so I
just I always find myself funny when I
actually try to give reasonings and
explainings as to why you know why you
should come here but I think again the
evidence will be in in the platform it
will be engaging it'll be beautiful
it'll be easy to use and people you know
I hope people will like it I'm excited
to hear feedback also very excited to
hear you know actually from Brands we
have some brands that will be checking
us out and kind of piloting with us but
I think this is a great thing for like
the future of loyalty and the Loyalty
3.0 if you will so there's a lot more
done back there but yeah that's kind of
in a nutshell what I'm thinking yeah
don't worry if you don't have your
marketing pitched down you're the
strategy guy you're not the chief
marketer so so don't worry about that
well this was a great conversation it
was fantastic to dig into your knowledge
set and until a lot of the great things
you're doing at Galaxy as well as to
address how modern technological shifts
have made possible to empower your users
so if people want to keep up to date
with you Rusty or they want to follow or
touch base with Galaxy what are the best
socials for them to do that at yeah
absolutely appreciate it again thank you
for having me yeah please follow at
Galaxy app on all the platforms you know
we'll be around again stay tuned for
upcoming announcements uh personally at
Rusty Matthew if you can find me on
Twitter or LinkedIn but no overall I'm
excited for people to see us and to
actually get you know real reactions and
and all that good stuff and again thank
you so much for having me very much
enjoyed our conversation yeah likewise
and everyone keep your ears to the
ground for Galaxy it may have launched
by the time you hear this episode maybe
not but we'll be getting there around
quarter three quarter four this year so
thank you so much for joining Rusty it
was a great conversation cheers
well what did you think of that
conversation I thought Rusty's
background was super diverse and is a
perfect fit for a burgeoning social
media app that's addressing the creative
Entertainment Sports and content
Industries Rusty's connection to MSG
sphere you know the large dome-shaped
venue that recently opened in Las Vegas
well it feels super relevant because
we're continuing to trudge toward this
day-to-day existence where our digital
and physical worlds will be intertwined
it was interesting to hear how Galaxy is
skating to where the puck is going by
building a platform where big names can
monetize their likeness with digital
assets but also connect with their super
fans in a way that's more immersive than
ever before on that note I want to thank
you so much for taking the time to
listen to the smart economy podcast if
you liked what you heard and want to
support the show please keep news today
in mind when voting for your Neo Council
representative as part of Neo's
governance process we appreciate you and
look forward to catching you next time
foreign